feat: Clearer instructions for Hermes sourcemaps (#3391)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/hermes.mdx

For Sentry open source, self-hosted users, the minimum version required is [f07352b](https://hub.docker.com/r/getsentry/sentry/tags?page=1&name=f07352b).

> Other than making sure you have the minimum version of the SDK, Sentry itself is all you need besides the standard integration described in the [React Native Sentry documentation](/platforms/react-native/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the minimum version of the SDK, Sentry provides the standard integration as described in the [React Native Sentry documentation](/platforms/react-native/).
```

## Source Maps

If you do not need custom sourcemaps, the `sentry.gradle` build step fully supports Hermes source maps.

## Custom Source Maps

> When manually bundling and building React Native apps, a three-step process is only needed for Hermes source maps on Android. For Hermes on iOS you will only need to follow the [normal source maps guide](/platforms/react-native/sourcemaps/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are manually bundling and building React Native apps for Android, follow this three-step process. For Hermes on iOS, follow the [normal source maps guide](/platforms/react-native/sourcemaps/).
```

### Compile for Android

> 1. Bundling / minifying using `metro` (`react-native`) to get the packager source map => `.packager.map`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Bundle/minify with `metro` (`react-native`) to get the packager source map (`.packager.map`):
```

```bash {tabTitle:Android}
npx react-native bundle --platform android --dev false --entry-file index.js --bundle-output index.android.bundle --sourcemap-output index.android.bundle.packager.map
```

> 2. Compiling to bytecode using `hermes` to get the compiler source map => `.hbc.map`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Compile to bytecode using `hermes` to get the compiler source map (`.hbc.map`):
```

>   <Note>
>     `OS-BIN` is either `osx-bin`, `win64-bin`, or `linux-bin` depending on which operating system you are using.
>   </Note>

Reviewer: Add blank lines so that the formatting is correct:
```suggestion
 <Note>
 
 `OS-BIN` is `osx-bin`, `win64-bin`, or `linux-bin`, depending on which operating system you are using.
 
 </Note>
```

```bash {tabTitle:Android}
node_modules/hermes-engine/{OS-BIN}/hermesc -O -emit-binary -output-source-map -out=index.android.bundle.hbc index.android.bundle
```

> 3. Merging the two source maps using `compose-source-maps` to get the final source map => `.map`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Merge the two source maps using `compose-source-maps` to get the final source map (`.map`):
```

```bash {tabTitle:Android}
node node_modules/react-native/scripts/compose-source-maps.js index.android.bundle.packager.map index.android.bundle.hbc.map -o index.android.bundle.map
```

> ### Upload the bundle and source maps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upload the Bundle and Source Maps
```

> You can then return to [Step 3 on the default source maps guide](/platforms/react-native/sourcemaps/#3-upload-the-bundle-and-source-maps) to upload your source maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload your source maps following [Step 3 on the normal source maps guide](/platforms/react-native/sourcemaps/#3-upload-the-bundle-and-source-maps).
```

Other than making sure you have the minimum version of the SDK, Sentry itself is all you need besides the standard integration described in the [React Native Sentry documentation](/clients/react-native/).

## Source Maps

If you do not need custom sourcemaps, the `sentry.gradle` build step fully supports hermes sourcemaps and should handle everything for you.

## Custom Source Maps

However, care must be taken to upload the correct source map when manually bundling and building React Native apps.

Building Hermes bundles is a three-step process, each of which creates a different
source map.

1. Bundling / minifying using `metro` (`react-native`): `.packager.map`
2. Compiling to bytecode using `hermes`: `.compiler.map`
3. Merging SourceMaps using `compose-source-maps`: `.packager.map + .compiler.map => .map`

> ```bash{tabTitle:iOS}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash {tabTitle:iOS}
```

$ react-native bundle --platform ios --entry-file index.js --bundle-output main.jsbundle --sourcemap-output main.jsbundle.packager.map
$ hermes -O -emit-binary -output-source-map -out=main.jsbundle.compiler.map main.jsbundle.packager.map

> $ node react-native/scripts/compose-source-maps.js main.jsbundle.packager.map main.jsbundle.compiler.map -o main.jsbundle.map

Reviewer 2: do we actually need the `$`? I don't see this for another bash scripts

Author: Hmm I kept it from the original comment from @Swatinem for ease of reading to make it clear that these are separate commands due to how long they are, I will add line breaks between them then to keep consistent with other code blocks.

```

> ```bash{tabTitle:Android}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash {tabTitle:Android}
```

$ react-native bundle --platform android --entry-file index.js --bundle-output index.android.bundle --sourcemap-output index.android.bundle.packager.map
$ hermes -O -emit-binary -output-source-map -out=index.android.bundle.compiler.map index.android.bundle.packager.map
$ node react-native/scripts/compose-source-maps.js index.android.bundle.packager.map index.android.bundle.compiler.map -o index.android.bundle.map
```

You will then upload the output from the third command (`main.jsbundle.map` or `index.android.bundle.map`) to Sentry via `sentry-cli`, you can read more about custom sourcemaps [over at the Source Maps page](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/sourcemaps/#configure-cli). Note that this three-stage bundle step you just did replaces the regular bundle step.

> ```bash{tabTitle:iOS}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash {tabTitle:iOS}
```

node_modules/@sentry/cli/bin/sentry-cli releases \
    files RELEASE_NAME \
    upload-sourcemaps \
    --dist DISTRIBUTION_NAME \
    --strip-prefix /path/to/project/root \
    --rewrite main.jsbundle main.jsbundle.map
```

> ```bash{tabTitle:Android}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash {tabTitle:Android}
```

Other than making sure you have the minimum version of the SDK, Sentry itself is all you need besides the standard integration described in the [React Native Sentry documentation](/clients/react-native/).

## Source Maps

> If you do not need custom sourcemaps, the `sentry.gradle` build step fully supports hermes sourcemaps and should handle everything for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not need custom sourcemaps, the `sentry.gradle` build step fully supports Hermes source maps.
```

## Custom Source Maps

> However, care must be taken to upload the correct source map when manually bundling and building React Native apps.
> 
> Building Hermes bundles is a three-step process, each of which creates a different
> source map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When manually bundling and building React Native apps, building Hermes bundles is a three-step process, each of which creates a different source map.
```

1. Bundling / minifying using `metro` (`react-native`): `.packager.map`
2. Compiling to bytecode using `hermes`: `.compiler.map`
3. Merging SourceMaps using `compose-source-maps`: `.packager.map + .compiler.map => .map`

```bash {tabTitle:iOS}
react-native bundle --platform ios --entry-file index.js --bundle-output main.jsbundle --sourcemap-output main.jsbundle.packager.map

hermes -O -emit-binary -output-source-map -out=main.jsbundle.compiler.map main.jsbundle.packager.map

node react-native/scripts/compose-source-maps.js main.jsbundle.packager.map main.jsbundle.compiler.map -o main.jsbundle.map
```

```bash {tabTitle:Android}
react-native bundle --platform android --entry-file index.js --bundle-output index.android.bundle --sourcemap-output index.android.bundle.packager.map

hermes -O -emit-binary -output-source-map -out=index.android.bundle.compiler.map index.android.bundle.packager.map

node react-native/scripts/compose-source-maps.js index.android.bundle.packager.map index.android.bundle.compiler.map -o index.android.bundle.map
```

> You will then upload the output from the third command (`main.jsbundle.map` or `index.android.bundle.map`) to Sentry via `sentry-cli`, you can read more about custom sourcemaps [over at the Source Maps page](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/sourcemaps/#configure-cli). Note that this three-stage bundle step you just did replaces the regular bundle step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then upload the output from either `main.jsbundle.map` or `index.android.bundle.map` to Sentry via Sentry CLI. 

You can read more about custom source maps [over at the Source Maps page](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/sourcemaps/#configure-cli). Note that this three-stage bundle step replaces the regular bundle step.
```
